In this lecture, we will download and add
the power mock dependencies to our user
admin service to do that launch your web
browser and search for power mock download
click on the first link which says
code.google.com that will take us to the
power mock downloads page in here we
have different options the one which we
need to choose is power mock for j unit
which includes the mockito and j unit
dependencies so click on that and that
will download power mock to your downloads
folder like this unzip the contents of
the power mock and you will have a
folder like this which will have all the
jars power mock needs but we do not need
to include all these for our Eclipse
project simply copy the Java assist the
mockito all and power mock mockito these
three are the important jars you can
ignore CG lib and objeneses if
required we will add them later on to
copy these three go to your Eclipse IDE
go to the user admin service project
right click on the project say new
folder Lib folder create a lib folder
that is where we copy our libraries paste
the three jobs you have copied that is
the Java assist mockito all and power
mock 4 mockito it's important that you
include the mockito all that you have
downloaded from power mock because the
version which you would have downloaded
directly from the mockitos website
could be different and power mock might
need this version to work the current
version of power mock is 1.6 point2 now
we are all set to write our test before
that we need to add these jars to the
classpath so right click on the project
go to properties java build path add jar
under the user admin service go to the
lib folder add this recharge
to the project's classpath hit ok and ok
again so now we are all set to create
our j unit and power mock test so in
this lecture we have downloaded the
power mock dependencies by going to
powermock website these are available under
apache license there are different
flavors of power mock we have downloaded
the power mock for j unit and mockito and
we have included the 3 jars which are
the java assist mockito all and power
mock.